2. 3
yes
Now, once I'm going to explain the
tones because we are going to finish the pile
from the camera
this starts with fa f sharp minor
seven and then fa seven then my minor
and then E flat and re
the child is at 7 B flat
the water is if it has decreased
is here is here this
and then me
i
C sharp
do sharp minor 76 armani seven
is what you can do if with 7 and is
back here and if you can not do it
like a me and I 'm down here
what then
i
this can be a diminished area or the
spider as you want to tell
these two here
and this is here
Y
then
been like a diminished sun of
decreased depends on what tone they are are
the two of you down here and it's here
A) Yes
north
to minor with 7 2 and 7 and then I
higher
again the end
if we see 7 this is with the recording of
mariachi imperial de mexico leads if
flat with 7 or B flat 7 so or what can
do these two here be here is here
in the recording of vargas is
at 7.7 and network
Y